#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-q
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxcompose
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via panda?
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-q
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fonttools
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
croniter==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-bootstrap-modal-forms
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-csp
    #   django-dbbackup
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-faicon
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-js-reverse
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-pivot
    #   django-q
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-view-breadcrumbs
    #   django-weasyprint
    #   djangorestframework
django-allauth==0.63.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-auditlog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap-modal-forms==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-colorfield==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.2
crispy-bootstrap4==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dbbackup==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-faicon @ git+https://github.com/Bimbel-Masuk-UI/django-faicon
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.3.7

django-invitations==2.1.0

    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-mptt
django-model-utils==4.5.1
django-js-reverse @ git+https://github.com/ierror/django-js-reverse
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-password-validators==1.7.3

django-picklefield==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-q
django-pivot==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prose-editor==0.5.0
django-q==1.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tabular-permissions==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-view-breadcrumbs==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-weasyprint==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dockerpty==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
docxcompose==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxtpl
docxtpl==0.16.5
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
fonttools[woff]==4.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxtpl
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxcompose
    #   docxtpl
    #   python-docx
markdown==3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
more-itertools==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zipp
nh3==0.2.17
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via gunicorn
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pbr==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stevedore
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-colorfield
    #   weasyprint
pipreqs==0.4.11
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydyf==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
pygments==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
pyphen==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasyprint
pyrsistent==0.15.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pysimplesoap==1.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   django-auditlog
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxcompose
    #   docxtpl
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   croniter
    #   django-dbbackup
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-faicon
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-q
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   yarg
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.4
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
    #   dockerpty
    #   docxcompose
    #   docxtpl
    #   html5lib
    #   more-itertools
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   websocket-client
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
stevedore==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenvwrapper
tablib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
texttable==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
types-cryptography==3.3.23
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asgiref
    #   python-docx
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.16.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenvwrapper
virtualenv-clone==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenvwrapper
virtualenvwrapper==4.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
weasyprint==62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-weasyprint
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==0.57.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarg==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
zipp==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
